lddd: add page (#9286)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/lddd.md

# lddd

> > Find broken library links on the system. This tool is only available on Archlinux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Find broken library links on the system.
> This tool is only available on Arch Linux.
```

> > More information: <https://man.archlinux.org/man/extra/devtools/lddd>.

Reviewer: Avoid the redirect
```suggestion
> More information: <https://man.archlinux.org/man/extra/devtools/lddd.1>.
```

> - Scan directories to find out packages with broken library links and lists packages that need to be rebuilt:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scan directories to find and list packages with broken library links that need to be rebuilt:
```
I guess this would be better.
